the 46 Palestinians have been killed in
more Israeli air strikes in northern
gaza's jabalia city 40 others with
serious injuries have been rushed to a
medical center in the city dozens are
feared to be stuck under the
rubble and bodies of 29 Palestinians
killed in Israeli raids have been
brought to the NASA Hospital in Khan
yunes in southern Gaza Israeli war
planes have bombed several buildings in
the
city hanim Mahmud is in rafah in
southern Gaza for us so hny what more
are we hearing on Israeli air
[Music]
strikes yes well within the past couple
hours more Relentless air strikes are
concentrated in the northern part and in
the southern part mainly in Han Unis and
the central part of the gri but the the
latest that we have from jabalia where
massive Relentless air strike destroying
more of the residential homes that
includes not only homes but also public
facilities including schools and and
shops and an area that better known as a
market a Central Market in jabalia came
under heavy Mass bombard there are more
than 40 people who have been killed
reported killed and 40 other or a little
over than that number been injured and
rushed to uh surrounding medical centers
when we refer to those Medical Center
we're not talking about hospitals
because there are no functioning
hospitals in the northern part nor in
Gaza City we're talking about a very
very basic places that can do basic in
medical intervention to save uh whoever
they are able uh with light ones H but
so far what we're hearing it from
reports from North part in Gaza that the
uh the the people who are injured and
those are strike they come into these
these places or these particular
locations for medical attention they
come with severe ones as well as some of
them come with a with part of their
their their bodies are are are cut off
or torn apart a similar situation we'
seen this in the central part in earlier
hours of of this morning when an air
strike s Dar balah destroyed another
residential home but causing a great
deal of damage to the surrounding homes
the aftermath of this of course not only
people get died on from those air
strikes and and CR being becoming
critically injured but also the
remaining population the area gets to be
displaced and and this is the uh the
tragedy of every air strike causing more
problem and forcing more Palestinian to
displacement which can of course Mount
the pressure uh on on on healthc Care
Facility as well as evacuations Z as
we're we're getting
into
[Music]
[Applause]
yes oh my god did you hear that yes yes
we oh my
God that's the hospital that's the
hospital that's the
hospital oh my
God are you guys hearing that yes we are
we are hearing that hny are you are you
okay are you are you in a safe place
oh my God no no no no this is really bad
this is
[Music]
bad are you guys seeing this yes we are
we are seeing this is right behind the
hospital right
now we are we are seeing that it was it
was a very loud
explosion Hy are you are you okay to to
us right now because if not we can come
back to you a little bit
later the important thing is that you
stay safe you and you and your team
there stay safe okay are you guys
see yes as you see this is a huge huge
Dark Cloud of smoke this is what we were
expecting for five days this drone did
not leave the sky of this area flying at
a low level and I think what it was
marking a target of more residential
homes people now are rushing to the site
just to see if if there are
people I guess we're we're looking at a
a tragedy right
now it's causing a chaos you see people
are running away from from the side of
of the explosion those were multiple
massive air strikes right at the
vicinity of the Kuwaiti Hospital you see
people are
panicking they can't even
walk
indeed we we've been reporting on this
this is really bad just to jump in here
for a moment um Hy I see people are
rushing now down the road this is this
is multiple multiple multiple
residential homes and we we're hearing
there were were people inside those
homes that were
targeted there are home these were homes
full of evacuees and this place
Palestinians at this particular location
more than three residential homes
completely
destroyed you see this is this is
exactly what we've been talking about
there is no safe place in Gaza at all no
safe place in
Gaza no place more safe than the other
even the vicinity of this hospital this
a Smalls siiz
Hospital become became a target of those
Relentless air strikes that's exactly
what we describe every word describing
these air strikes being relentless at
aggressive and
brutal Hy if I could if I could just
jump in for a moment I want to ask you
as far as you know is this the first
time that this particular hospital has
been
[Music]
targeted no no no before before we move
to this vicinity and I start reporting
it from when we were busy in kanun a
residential home down the road was
targeted and destroyed and every time we
drive from home from where we are we
have evacuated to this area we see the
rubbles and there are writings across
the road sorry suffocating the debris
and the the smoke is killing us but uh
there a residential home earlier uh this
month was was destroyed uh down the road
of the hospital and we there were more
than 10 people were killed in that in
that
area
uh Hy can you tell us this is not the
first time I mean the the attacks of the
past two nights were very close as well
what is what is the name of the hospital
there that that has been
[Music]
attacked Annie can you hear me this is
we're reporting from the vicinity of the
Kuwaiti yes the Kuwaiti Specialized
Hospital this is a small siiz right here
the the attack happened on the
surrounding it's it's on the surrounding
residential homes just down the road
there is a roundabout that takes you
from the area into the main road uh to
the other neighborhoods in RAF City and
those residential homes at the
roundabout were completely
destroyed now we we're hearing it from
people who ran from the area they said
these homes were full of
people I'm telling you this
hospital will not be able to take this
number of injuries that will start
coming to the hospital this is
overwhelming for the hospital and the
medical
team
alhamdulillah so hany are you can you
still he hear me oh my
God yes I do yes yes yes I wonder if I
could hearing about entire families
inside those buildings women and
children four families were inside those
buildings Hy I wonder if I could ask you
what we just witnessed there how does
this compare with previous attacks that
you have reported on and and that you
have seen there yourself
you know what this can be compared to
what we have been reporting on since the
early morning this hour there is an
increase in intensity a magnitude of
those attacks they are done at this
level on purpose just to inflict as much
damage and as much killing as much pain
on people we're seeing since early hours
of this morning entire families being
wiped out people is it's like a whole
sale Slaughter of of Palestinians the
the problem here we we're hearing it
from people those residen Shalom one of
them is full of displaced Palestinian
that's exactly the problem of the
Israeli narratives telling people to
move to Safe area but to find thems
under those uh severe and brutal bombs
in in those areas and we we thought this
is a relatively good area to stay in but
this is beyond imagination I'm I'm
seeing look at the the children just
panicking women
everyone okay we're getting worse now
more ambulance are rushing because the
number of injuries not only inside the
building but those who were at the
vicinity of the area as well were
injured by the debris that sharpen
[Music]
out hany uh as we've been reporting for
for for days and hours of this War uh
this the bombing that's been going on
has has been Relentless and we are if
anyone was wondering uh getting a sense
of of of just
uh what Palestinians are dealing with on
a daily basis we are seeing it in real
time right now uh in front of us and we
just heard um that explosion as we as we
were uh reporting uh live live with you
just a couple of minutes ago and as you
were saying lots of ambulances rushing
to the scene right now uh to the scene
of that explosion which as you were
saying hany is uh near the the one of
the hospitals in RAF um and as we've
been reporting before hany it just
reminds us once again that there is
really no safe place for Palestinians in
[Music]
Gaza
not not at all not not a single not a
single foot is safe in in the gala strip
right now air strike Relentless Mass
bombardment from North to th and this
the the tragedy of this a of this air
strike is the fact that more people are
going to become this place an area
that's being targeted becomes less and
less safe for people and we're going to
see more people leaving to evacuation
Zone and evacuation centers where the
humanitarian situations are very
difficult so not only they're being
bombed now but also and killed but they
are also will become displaced and
hungry and living in the worst living
conditions
possible indeed and as we're as we're uh
I I I see more people rushing carrying
bodies carrying injuries and dead bodies
coming to the hospit
now this is a group of people running
and carrying what seems to be a dead
body to the
hospital yes it is a dead
body oh
[Music]
God H unfortunately ham this is the the
situation that every place where
Relentless targeting takes it Place uh I
mean we're not in the northern part to
report the the tragedies of people
experiencing it since early morning uh
since the early hours of this morning in
jabalia and Gaza City but this is a real
life example of what people have been
experiencing for the past 70 days
Relentless
bombardment it is it is happening it is
happening in front of our eyes in real
time and just to remind our viewers
Hanny is reporting to us uh from Rafa in
the southern tip of the Gaza Strip where
so many
Palestinians uh have had to converge on
because of the fighting that began in
the northern part of Gaza uh and the the
Gaza Strip which is already a very
densely populated uh area of land is
even uh more uh densely populated in the
southern part because of so many
Palestinians that have been forced to
move there but as we have been saying uh
throughout this our coverage of this
story there really is no safe place for
pales Ians in Gaza to go to at this
point and we are certainly get getting a
sense of that from these pictures we
seeing ambulance is rushing to the scene
uh and looks like the ambulance is
coming away from the scene of that
explosion right now I wonder hany if
you're still there if you can just talk
to us a little bit more about what is
happening in front of
[Music]
you yes there are more ambulance
paramedics are coming back from the site
carrying number of injuries into the
hospital now the problem with this
hospital is that small it's a small siiz
hospital and will not be able to take
this number this large number of
injuries coming to the hospital we'll
see in a bit more ambulance leaving here
carrying those injuries transferring
them to surrounding medical centers and
other larger size hospitals in the area
namely a Nar hospital and the Gaza
European Hospital to the Eastern side of
Rafa this hospital will not be able to
uh to to to survive if if we have a
large number coming into it it's mainly
for basic intervention and eventually
they will have to be transferred from
now from here uh to other hospital but
the there is what we hear from people is
the the level of damage caused to the
surrounding homes is beyond imagination
these homes that are severely damage not
the destroyed one are becoming not
suitable for living we're talking about
falling uh falling walls and destruction
from the inside of these of these homes
will force more people to seek shelters
somewhere else and at this point
particularly I can see with confidence
people will start moving to evacuation
zones and evacuation centers the honare
designated school which are by the way
are not safe and we seeing the constant
attacks on them in the northern part and
Gaza City and Han Unis where more of
these schools being the target of
Israeli air strikes and artillery
chilling the scene is very chaotic it's
causing
panic I mean you wouldn't see this
number of
people uh had there not
been thousand of displaced in the area
all of these people here happen to be
displaced Palestinians coming from from
different parts of the G who are now
worried of staying in this area this is
not the first time this is the second
time in less than couple weeks that has
come under heavy Relentless air
strikes we're getting words about more
than more than 25 people been critically
injured mainly children and and women
brought to the kuti hospital and hany if
I could just jump in here for a moment
just give us a sense of of where you are
uh in relation to the the surrounding
area there because going by the pictures
that we're looking at now this looks
like a um a fairly busy part of of of
RAF right now you were referring there
to evacuation zones I wonder if you
could tell me where where are how far
are these so-called evacuation zones uh
to to where you are right now in
Rafa
where all right well the evacuation
zones in here they're not far from here
they're about 15 minutes to drive it
from the vicinity of the Kuwaiti
hospitals uh but uh we are here right
next to this small building that acts as
a medical center it's a Specialized
Hospital but for basic intervention not
for complicated large uh we see okay
there is this is these are injuries that
are they're performing CPR on this
person this is an injury brought from
the S of Target him no ambulance was
available people rushed him on a cart
pulled by a
donkey this is how desperate the
situations
now in the
area
this injured man brought to the hospital
on a cart pulled by an animal to the
[Music]
hospital back to evacuation zones are
not from here there are multiple areas
including the largest evacuation Zone
that was set up by by people when they
were told to move from Khan unun and the
central part of the Gaza Strip to RAF Al
maasi is is is is the probably the
largest evacuation Zone but it lacks all
the necessary basic supplies in terms of
Water Supplies and Food Supplies the
living conditions of of evacuees and
displaced Palestinians in these zones
are very difficult and if they if they
if they don't happen to die from these
bombs they will die from the spread of
diseases which are by the way byproducts
of the ongoing Misery the ongoing
bombardment that destroyed everything
basically all means of life in terms of
Sanitation and hygiene
facilities more than 85% of
infrastructure have been
[Music]
destroyed all right hny we're going to
uh I think at this point we're just
going to let you have a breather right
now and and give you and your team uh a
moment to collect yourselves but stay
with us because we will come back to you
we're going to play uh right now uh the
moments uh that that explosion um
occurred just just a couple of minutes
uh when we were reporting live with hany
[Applause]
hi yes oh my god did you hear
that oh my
God that's the hospital that's the
hospital that's the
Hospital oh my
God are you guys hearing that so there's
there was the uh the clip there that
um as we were reporting to uh hany can
and you could hear him there saying that
that's the location of the hospital it
happened just a few minutes ago